The man who dares to touch the old lady
I gave you face, right?
You stinky delivery guy came here to run wild
Do you know who my third uncle is?
Do you know who I am?
Third Uncle, I want them all to die
A takeaway
A stinky security guard is beheading today for espionage
Zhang Shao, I advise you to restrain yourself
Otherwise, you don't even know who to offend
If you provoke anyone, you will provoke anyone
Except for the city lord in Jinhai
It is Lao Tzu who speaks with the most weight
Zhang Yuntao, your nephew wants my head?
You brat
Don't you want to live?
Hurry up and apologize to Zhanwang Chen
War King, this stinky delivery man
He is the king
Shut up and dare to speak wildly
King Chen only needs one sentence
You can uproot the entire Zhang family
And you know what?
Chen Zhai Wang
I didn't know you were sorry when we first met.
I'm not sincere to slap you in the face again
It's not for you
I will knock for Zhanwang Chen
You don't understand human language, do you?
Not to me to give him
Are you reluctant to give it to him?
It seems that your Zhang family will not suffer a little bit